Question 1:
1. What does the vertical axis in the first chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Average price of cars
B. Total population
C. Market share percentage
D. Number of new cars sold
2. Which region has the highest electric car stock by 2023 in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 2: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart and the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 3: 1. In which year is the total number of new cars the largest across all the years listed on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that your answer should be a specified horizontal tick value.
2. In which country is the share of Plug-in hybrid cars the highest in 2023 across all the countries in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 4: Firstly extract a year when the number of Electric cars is the largest across all the years listed on the horizontal axis in the first chart.
Then for this year, which country has the largest share of Battery-electric cars across all the countries in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

