Question 1: What is the total number of explicitly labeled ticks across all axes in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of explicitly labeled ticks across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have any explicit labeled ticks across all axes, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Percentage of Indians by religion
B. Number of individuals by religion (in millions)
C. Population growth rate by religion
D. Percentage growth rate by religion
2. What is the percentage of Muslims in India in 1951 according to the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the first chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: What is the approximate population of India in 1951?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. 360M
B. 304M
C. 35M
D. 380M
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

