Question 1: What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Various measures of wealth or financial hardship among U.S. adults
B. Percentage of U.S. adults with different types of employment
C. The level of education attained by U.S. adults
D. Geographic regions of the U.S.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What does the color blue indicate in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. What is the spatially highest label on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the label on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis on the left. If the chart does not have explicit written labels on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the second chart and the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the second chart and the first chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. What is the largest percentage of U.S. adults who say their household has two or more cars in the data from Pew Research Center in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. Which thought on the vertical axis shows the largest difference between the percentage of U.S. adults who hold this thought in the Benchmark data and those who do so in the Pew Research Center data in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

