Question 1: What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Percentage of employees working overtime
B. Average working hours per week
C. Percentage of earnings representing the financial disincentive to increase working hours
D. Percentage of workers receiving bonuses
2. How many colours are used for the bars in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
3. What does the horizontal axis of the first chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom.
A. Different age groups
B. Types of occupations
C. Levels of education
D. Various countries
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same countries are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the second and the third charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract the largest earning average wage of 2022, noted as w0 in the first chart.
Then in how many charts the largest earning average is strictly larger than w0?
Note that your final answer should be a natural number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

