Question 1: How many distinct lines are there in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Velocity
B. Temperature
C. Displacement
D. Pressure
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the second chart and the first chart do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. In which chart, (First or Second) chart, is the mean pressure line of Non-equilibrium higher than that of Frozen? 
Note that your answer should be only one option from (First, Second).
2. In which chart, (First or Second) chart, do the mean pressure lines of Non-equilibrium and Frozen overlap?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (First, Second).
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

