Question 1: What is the minimum daily calorie requirement for Argentina in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many colours are used for the colour bar, excluding 'No data', in the first chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the colour bar, excluding 'No data', in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot does not contain any colour bars, answer '0'.
2. How many distinct lines are there in the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3:
What are the two keywords most relevant to the first and the second charts?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Calorie intake, Nutritional requirements
B. Food supply, Health
C. Dietary inequality, Calorie needs
D. Caloric diversity, Average diet
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which country's minimum daily requirement of calories ranks the fourth in 2022 in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. Which region's share of the population that is undernourished ranks the fourth in 2005 in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

