Question 1: How many labeles are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeles on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeles on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the percentage of Black adults with a postgraduate degree who say they have a three-month emergency fund in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed. 
2. What is the value of the green bar whose label is Foreign born in the middle of the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same colors are used to draw bars in both the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same colors used to draw bars between the first chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. If these charts don't have any bars with the same colour or either of them is not a bar chart, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify an income category whose percentage of Black adults saying they had more than one job at the same time during the 12 months prior to the survey is the largest among all the income categories in the third chart.
Then for this category, what is the percentage gap between this category and the lowest percentage of Black adults who say they meet basic needs with ease and have a lot left over for extras in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

