Question 1: Which country has the highest share of expenditure spent on food in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What does the color purple indicate in the legend of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the first chart and the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the first chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a label whose ratio of Food expenditure share to Total consumer expenditure is the largest among all the legends in the first chart. 
Then for this label, which position are dots of this label mostly distributed in the plot of Annual food expenditure vs. total consumer expenditure in the second chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. In the upper left part.
B. In the lower left part.
C. In the upper right part.
D. In the lower right part.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

