Question 1: What is the title of the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many distinct bars are there in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. Note that If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
2. What is the percentage of Republicans who strongly oppose tuition-free college in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Your final answer should be the number of the same labels  on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple identical labels from different subplots, count them as only one distinct label. If these two charts do not have any identical labels on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify the group, from Postgrad, College grad, Some college or HS or less, whose percentage of people who are somewhat favor in making tuition at public colleges and universities free for all American students is the largest among all the groups in the first chart.
Then in the second chart, what is the percentage of people in this group who are somewhat favor in making tuition at public colleges and universities free for all American students is the largest among Republicans?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

