Question 1: What does the vertical axis in the first chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Kinetic Distance
B. Time
C. Excess mass ΔN
D. Temperature
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What are the names of the labels in the legend of the second chart? (from top to bottom, then left to right)
Note that You should write down the labels from top to bottom, then from left to right and separate the labels with commas. Your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If the plot does not have a legend or the legend is not considered relevant to this plot, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many distinct lines are there in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the first chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. With the growing of Kinetic Distance, whether the line of LJ is lower or higher than the line of WHDF in the second chart?
2. With the growing of Kinetic Distance, whether the line of LJ is lower or higher than the line of WHDF in the third chart?
Based on the rule you find about question 1 and 2. Please answer the final question as follows:
With the growing of Kinetic Distance, LJ and WHDF demostrate the same or different rule when the vertical values are Excess mass ΔN and Excess free energy βΔΩ
Note that the final output should be only one option in the format of 'Answer: Same'  or 'Answer: Different'.

