Question 1: What is the value of the dark yellow bar on the topmost side in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the value of the blue dot corresponding to the "Party currently in control of House" in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. What is the age group with the highest percentage in the question about "Length of a Supreme Court appointment" in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same explicitly written labels are there on the vertical axis in the third chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same explicitly written labels on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple identical explicitly written labels from different subplots, count them as only one distinct explicitly written label. If these two charts do not have the same explicitly written labels on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify which topic has the largest percentage gap between Rep/Lean Rep and Dem/Lean Dem who correctly answered the question of this topic in the second chart.
Then what is the age group with the smallest percentage of people who correctly answered this topic among all the age groups in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

