Question 1: How many colours are used for the bars in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many distinct lines are there in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
2. What is the highest percentage value for those who say they would rather have a bigger government, providing more services among the Republican/Lean Republican group in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart and the third chart?  
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the third charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify the political party which has the lowest percentage of people who say improving the job situation should be a top priority among all the poltical parites in 2022 in the third chart. 
Then what is the largest percentage of people in this political party who say they would rather have a bigger government, providing more services across all the years in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

