Question 1: What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart?  
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2.What does the horizontal axis of the third chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Types of environmental taxes
B. Countries
C. Years
D. Percentage of GDP
3. What is the country with the highest all tax bases in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the third chart and the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the third chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a label, from the legend of Environment Tax in 2021 in the first chart, which is the second largest in the country specified in the light blue.
Note that if there are multiple countries whose labels from legends are light blue, consider only the country on the left. 
Then for this label in the Environment Tax in 2019 in the second chart, which position does it rank in the country specified in the light blue?
Note that if there are multiple countries whose labels from legends are light blue, consider only the country on the left. 
Finally, your answer should be an ordinal numeral, such as First, Second, Third.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

