Question 1: What does the horizontal axis in the first chart represent?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Different caste categories in India
B. Different regions of India
C. Different religions in India
D. Different age groups in India
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many colours are used for the bars in the first chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
2. What is the share of the national Jain population in the West region according to the second chart?
Note that your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: Which religious group is represented in both the caste distribution and regional population charts?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Muslims
B. Christians
C. Jains
D. Hindus
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which category has the largest percentage of Sikhs who identify themselves as such in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. Which part of India has the second largest share of national Jain population in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

