Question 1: What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many colours are used for the bars in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question；The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: In which year does the highest Banking sector leverage among all the countries achieve its highest?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

