Question 1: What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. How many countries are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
2. What is the rightmost country on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and the bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same labels on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple identical labels from different subplots, count them as only one distinct label. If these two charts do not have any same labels on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract the lowest Other official flows (OOF) in the years of 2022, 2019 and 2016.
Then in which year is the lowest Other official flows (OOF) the lowest?
Note that your answer should be a specified year, such as 'Answer: 2000'.

