Question 1: What is the title of the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What does the color green represent in the first chart?
Note that your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. What is the highest labeled tick value on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3:
What are the two keywords most relevant to these two charts?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Climate Change and Carbon Emissions
B. Water Pollution and Public Health
C. Renewable Energy and Economic Growth
D. Air Pollution and GDP per Capita
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Assume that there is a directly proportional relationship between the indicators on the vertical axes in the two charts. Looking at the general trend from left to right in these two charts, it is obvious that there is a positive correlation between these two horizontal axes. As a result, a further question is as follows: 
What is the general trend in the growth rate of London's GDP per capita over the years?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The growth rate remains the same over the years.
B. The growth rate continuously increases with no upper bound.
C. The growth rate first increases and then decreases.
D. The growth rate continuously increases at first, then remains constant.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

