Question 1: What are the names of the labels in the legend of the third chart? (from top to bottom, then left to right)
Note that You should write down the labels from top to bottom, then from left to right and separate the labels with commas. Your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If the plot does not have a legend or no legend is not considered relevant to this plot, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the general trend of  the median value of the 1BB-1F box with the increasing of Instance in the first chart?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Remaining almost constant
B. Increasing then decreasing
C. Decreasing then increasing
D. Decreasing then Increasing, finally decreasing
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the third chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the third chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a label whose median Speedup values in the boxes almost remain the same with the increasing of Instance in legend of the first chart titled with Building the model.
Then for this label in the third chart titled with solving the model, does the median Speedup values of its boxes also almost remain the same? If so, what is it approximate value? 
Note that if the median values of its boxes don't almost remain the same, your answer should be 'Answer: No.'. Otherwise, your should find the nearest vertical tick value to the same Speedup value and answer in the format of 'Answer: Yes, the_nearest_tick_value.'.

