Question 1: 
1. How many distinct lines are there in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
2. What is the text label of the line that decreases significantly after epoch 4 across all the subplots in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 2: How many of the same tick values are there across all axes in the third chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots in the third chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third and the first charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 3:
1. Which method (SimCLR, SimSiam, or BYOL) shows the lowest embedding norm with WD: 5e-4 at epoch 8 in the first chart?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (SimCLR, SimSiam, or BYOL).
2. Which label in the legend has the lowest embedding norm in the lowermost and middle subplot of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 4: First extract the horizontal tick value t1 in the third chart when the line of Without Stop Grad. reaches its minimum value in the rightmost subplot in the third chart.
Then when Training epoch = t1, what is the approximate k-nn acc (%) for SimSiam in the second chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

