Question 1: What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many colors are used for the areas in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colors used for the areas in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered an area plot, answer '0'.
2. What is the nearest labeled tick value on the vertical axis to the value of the light blue line at its peak in the first chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract the nearest horizontal tick value v0 to the year when number of people living in extreme poverty is around 60% in the second chart.
Then the year = v0, which country's Public social spending as a share of GDP ranks the third in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

