Question 1: What is the title of the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many labeled ticks are there on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the vertical axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the second and the third charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. In which country do the projected number of air conditioning units increase the most from 1990 to 2020 in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. Does the global carbon emission gap between heating and cooling almost remain the same each year in the second chart?
Note that the answer should be Yes or No.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

