Question 1:
1. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many distinct lines are there in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 2: How many of the same countries are there in the second chart and the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical countries in the second chart and the first chart across multiple subplots. If any of the plots do not have any of the same countries, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 3: 1. Which position are dots of Europe mostly distributed in the first chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. In the upper left part.
B. In the lower left part.
C. In the upper right part.
D. In the lower right part.
2. Which country's Gini coefficient of income inequality is around 0.4 after 1990 among all the countries in the legend of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 4: Firstly extract a year, selected from all the horizontal tick values, when the Denmark's GDP per capita is around $40,000 in the third chart.
Then in this year, which country's Gini coefficient of income inequality ranks the second among all the countries in the legend of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

