Question 1: How many labeled ticks are there on the horizontal colour bar in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal colour bar across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal colour bar, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. Which region has the lowest cumulative CO2 emissions as of 2022 in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default. 
2. What does the color yellow represent in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default. 
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third and the first charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract the label whose Cumulative CO2 emissions by world region is the largest among all the labels in the first chart.
Then for this label in the third chart, what is its share of global cumulative CO2 emissions?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

