Question 1: What is the value of the yellow bar on the bottommost side in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the percentage of adults aged 50-59 who are in the 'sandwich generation' in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed. 
2. What are the names of the labels in the legend of the third chart? (from top to bottom, then left to right)
Note that You should write down the labels from top to bottom, then from left to right and separate the labels with commas. Your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If the plot does not have a legend or no legend is not considered relevant to this plot, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3:
How many of the same age groups are there in the second chart and the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same age groups across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple identical age groups from different subplots, count them as only one distinct age group. If these two charts do not have the same age groups, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify the age group whose percentage of people who have a parent 65+ and have a child younger than 18 is the largest among all the age groups in the first chart.
Then in which issue the percentage of people in this age group is also the largest among all the age groups in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

