Question 1: What is the value of the grey bar representing 'Total' in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many labels are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of labels on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labels on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
2. How many distinct bars are there in the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. Note that if a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: 
How many of the same labels are there on the vertical axes of the third chart and the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same labels on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple identical labels on the vertical axes from different subplots, count them as only one distinct label. If these two charts do not have the same labels on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: First, identify the political party for which the percentage of people who are somewhat satisfied with how redistricting is being handled in their state is higher than that of the other political party in the first chart.
Note that if the answer for this sub-question does not exist, you should quit the next subpart and answer 'Not Applicable' instead.
Then for this political party, what is the percentage of people who have heard about redistricting a lot in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

