Question 1: What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the rightmost labeled tick on the colour bar in the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the tick value on the colour bar that is explicitly written, including the case when the colour bar is shared across multiple subplots. When the colour bar is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the colour bar, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the general trend of data from left to right in the second chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Decreasing then increasing
B. Increasing then decreasing
C. Increasing
D. Decreasing
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the second chart and the first chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly, identify the continent in the legend of the first chart, where the total confirmed deaths due to COVID-19 across countries are most widely distributed along the vertical axis of the chart.
Then for this continent in the legend of the second chart, how do total confirmed deaths per million distributed in the chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Distributed in the upper half of the chart 
B. Distributed in the lower half of the chart 
C. Uniformly distributed across both halves of the chart
D. Unevenly distributed across both halves of the chart
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

