Question 1: What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many colours are used for the bars in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'. 
2. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: What are the two keywords most relevant to these two charts?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Exercise and Diet
B. Age and Gender
C. Income and Location
D. Dietary Choices and Age
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: First, extract a dietary choice whose largest value among all age groups is no less than 10% and originates from the 18-24 age group in the first chart.
Then for this dietary choice, which position does its proportion rank among all the choices on Aug 8, 2020 in the second chart? 
Note that your answer should be an ordinal numeral.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

