Question 1: What is the layout of the subplots in the third chart? (Answers should m by n)?
Note that Your final answer should follow 'm by n' format, where m is the number of rows and n is the number of columns. If the plot does not contain subplots, answer '1 by 1'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. Which method has the lowest RMSE difference in the subplot of PP in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the bottommost and leftmost subplot of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there across all axes in the third chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third chart and the second chart do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a label in the legend of ELPD difference +/- 2 SE, which has the largest Two-step ELPD difference compared with other labels in the first chart.
Then for this label in the third chart, which position, (First, Second, Third, Fourth), does its value of HMM-ν rank when Development period=9 and Accident period=1 among all the lables?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (First, Second, Third, Fourth)
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

