Question 1: What is the numerical value at the topmost and right corner of the "Est. log Edge Weights" colour scale bar in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What does the horizontal axis of the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Latitude
B. Longitude
C. Eigenvector Index
D. Altitude
2. What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the colour scale bar in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: 1. How many subplots are there in the Generated Samples subplot of the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of subplots in the plot. If the plot does not contain subplots, answer '1'.
2. What is the layout of the subplots in the second chart ? (Answers should m by n)
Note that Your final answer should follow 'm by n' format, where m is the number of rows and n is the number of columns. If the plot does not contain subplots, answer '1 by 1
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 4: How many of the same tick values are there on the colour scale bars in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the colour scale bars across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

