Question 1: What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many colours are used for the dots in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the dots in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a dot plot, answer '0'.
2. How many labeled ticks are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labeled sectors are there in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that your answer should be the total number of sectors with the same label for their net economic output versus their share of total emissions in both the second and the first chart.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: What is the name of the sector which has a significantly large share of CO₂ but a relatively small contribution to value added across all the three charts?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

