Question 1: How many distinct bars are there in the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many distinct labeled ticks are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If a chart has multiple identical labeled ticks on the horizontal axis from different subplots, count them as only one distinct labeled tick. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
2. How many different colours are used for the segments of the pies in the first chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the segments of the pies in the chart across multiple subplots. If the chart is not considered a pie chart, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there across all the axes of the second chart and the third chart? 
Note that your final answer should be the number of distinct labels that are the same across all axes of multiple subplots in both the third and second charts. If a chart has multiple identical labels across different subplots on all axes, count them as only one distinct label. If two labels are semantically identical but phrased differently, consider them identical. If there are no labels that are the same across all axes in both charts, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. What is the percentage gap between women who are married to men and women who have never been married in terms of taking their spouse's last name in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. Which race group has the largest percentage of people who took spouse's last name when they got married in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

