Question 1: What are the names of the labels in the legend of the Occupations-State subplot in the first chart? (from top to bottom, then left to right)
Note that You should write down the labels from top to bottom, then from left to right and separate the labels with commas. Your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If the plot does not have a legend or no legend is not considered relevant to this plot, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the F-T subplot of the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the subplot of the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Temperature in Kelvin  
B. Distance in Bohr  
C. Energy in milli-electron Volts (meV)  
D. Density in Bohr\(^{-1}\)
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: 1. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the horizontal axis in the d subplot of the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the horizontal axis. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the d subplot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the bottommost subplot of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the subplot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 4: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the third chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

