Question 1: What does the vertical axis of the first chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The countries ranked by their agricultural value added per worker in 2019
B. Agricultural value added per worker
C. The total agricultural output per worker for each country in 2019
D. The inflation-adjusted agricultural value per worker across different nations
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many distinct lines are there in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
2. What does the color brown indicate in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which position does the United Kingdom's Cereal yield rank in 2022 in the third chart?
Note that your answer should be an ordinal numeral.
2. What is the name of the crop whose yields rank the second in the United Kingdom in 2022 in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

