Question 1: What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the layout of the subplots in the second chart? (Answers should m by n)?
Note that Your final answer should follow 'n by m' format, where n is the number of rows and m is the number of columns. If the plot does not contain subplots, answer '1 by 1'.
2. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'..
3. How many labeled ticks are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same colors are used to draw dots in both the third chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same colors used to draw dots between the third chart and the first chart across multiple subplots. If the third and the first charts do have any dots with the same colour or neither of them is a scatter plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a label in the legend of Graph Order whose dots have the highest Relative size of Basin of Stability when Mean Degree < 5.0 in the first chart.
Then for this label in the second chart, which position, (First, Second, Third, Fourth or Fifth), does it rank as for its Relative size of basin of stability across all Edge Density?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth)
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

