Question 1: 1. How many distinct lines are there in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
2. How many colours are used to draw lines respectively in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the lines in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 2: How many of the same tick values are there across all axes in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 3: 1. In Which horizontal axis value v does many lines reach a local minimum point in the first chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest horizontal tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. In Which horizontal axis value v does many lines reach a local minimum point in the third chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest horizontal tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answer for the above two questions, the final answer is the answer to the second question minus the answer to the first question.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Conclude from these charts, what is the possible relationship between the magnitude of the minimum point on the horizontal axis and the number of lines which have any local minimum points?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. No relations
B. positive correlation
C. negative correlation
D. Nonlinear relations
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

