Question 1: What is the title of the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many distinct bars are there in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. Note that If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
2. Which institution has the lowest positive effect rating from Republicans in the second chart?
Note that your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: What are two common keywords that appear in both charts?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.  You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Future, Financial
B. Optimistic, Small Businesses
C. Republicans, Positive
D. Democrats, Universities
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: First, identify the political party whose percentage of optimistic people in 2018 is higher than that of the other political party in the first chart.
Then in the second chart, what is the smallest percentage of people in this political party who say that something has a positive effect among all the things listed vertically?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

