Question 1: What does the vertical axis in the first chart represent?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The total number of CT scanners per country in 2022.
B. The number of CT scanners per 1,000,000 inhabitants in each country in 2022.
C. The number of hospitals with CT scanners in each country in 2022.
D. The total population of each country in 2022.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the title of the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract which country has the second highest Computed tomography (CT) scanners among all the listed horizontal ticks in the year of 2022 in the first chart.
Then for this country in the year of 2017 in the second chart, which position does its  Computed tomography (CT) scanners rank among all the listed horizontal ticks?
Note that your answer should be an ordinal number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

