Question 1: What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Elo Rating
B. Total Points
C. Elo Deviation
D. Correct - Incorrect Rating
2. What is the name of the debater with the red color in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly select a title of a subplot in the third chart, from (Extractive, Closed), where the Judge Accuracy of Pro 1.5 on the protocol of Debate is about 0.8. 
Then for the subplot with this title in the second chart, which label, in the legend of Debater, Assignment and appearing as a Judge Model in the third chart, has the largest gap of Elo Rating between the correct version of the label and the incorrect version of the label?
Note that in the legend of Debater, Assignment you will see (Label, correct) and (Label, incorrect). You need to identify which label appears as a Judge Model and also has the largest gap of Elo Rating between the correct version and the incorrect version. Finally give the answer in the format of 'Answer: Label_you_specified'.

