Question 1: What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What does the horizontal axis of the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The years from 1985 to 2023.
B. The types of energy sources.
C. The percentage share of electricity generation.
D. The countries listed by their energy production.
2. What is the general trend of Nuclear data from left to right in the first chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.
A. Increasing
B. Increasing then decreasing
C. Decreasing then increasing
D. Decreasing
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the second chart and the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the second and the first charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. In which year, among all the horizontal tick values, is the proportion of Fossil fuels the highest in the first chart? 
Note that your answer should be a year explicitly written on the horizontal tick.
2. In which year is the gap in the share of electricity generation between Renewables and Nuclear the highest in the second chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest horizontal tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

