Question 1: How many labeled ticks are there on the T axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the T axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the T axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the total number of explicitly written labeles across all axes in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of explicitly written labeles across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have any explicitly written labeles across all axes, answer '0'.
2. How many subplots are there in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of subplots in the plot. If the plot does not contain subplots, answer '1'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the V axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the V axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these charts do not have ticks with the same label on the V axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a v axis tick value v0 such that the 3D plot surface has a ridge when v=v0 in the first chart.
Then what pattern does the surface demonstrate around v=v0 from left to right in the third chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Beginning to drop
B. In the half way of dropping
C. Remaining almost constant
D. Starting to increase
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

