Question 1: Which state has the highest percentage of eligible voters who are Black in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many colours are used for the bars in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
2. What does the horizontal axis represent in the second chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The number of U.S. eligible voters who are Black, in millions
B. The percentage of U.S. eligible voters who are Black
C. The years from 2000 to 2024
D. The total U.S. population over time
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: What keyword mostly aligns with the topics presented in both the first and the second chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Black eligible voters
B. Black people population
C. Asian voter growth
D. Black people's distribution across states.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. What is the percentage of Asian percentage change in EV pop from 2020 to 2024 in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. What is the percentage of Black eligible voters in Louisiana in 2022 in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

