Question 1: 1. What is the general trend of data from left to right in the third chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Increasing
B. Increasing then decreasing
C. Decreasing then increasing
D. Decreasing
2. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 2: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the first chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 3: 1. Which method has the highest Average Score in the 6-th Benchmark Worlds Group in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. Which method has the highest Success Rate across all the Average Traversal Time in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be 'Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question'

Question 4: Among the methods which have an approximate Average Score of 0.5 in the 3rd Benchmark Worlds Group in the first chart, which method has the highest Success Rate to Average Traversal Time ratio in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

