Question 1: What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the percentage of warm-season deaths attributed to natural forcings only in Argentina in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed. 
2. How many distinct bars with the values lager than 100 are there in the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. Note that If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labeled countries are there in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract the country which has the largest projected death rate (all causes) in the second chart.
Then for this country, what is its share of warm-season deaths attributed to heat in a world with natural forcings only in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

