Question 1: What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
3. Which country has the largest Total cost in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same labels on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple identical labels from different subplots, count them as only one distinct label. If these two charts do not have any same labels on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: In the country with the light blue color on the left, in how many charts is the label 'Costs of Goods and Services' higher than the label 'Compensation of Employees'?
Note that if there are multiple countries whose labels from legends are light blue, consider only the country on the left. 
And your answer should be a natural number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

