Question 1: What is the total number of explicitly labeled ticks across all axes in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of explicitly labeled ticks across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have any explicit labeled ticks across all axes, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the general trend of data from left to right in the second chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Decreasing then increasing
B. Increasing then decreasing
C. Increasing
D. Decreasing
2. How many distinct lines are there in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. What is the general trend of the logarithmic price gap between Memory and Disk in the first chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Firstly decreasing, then increasing
B. Firstly increasing, then decreasing
C. Monotone increasing
D. Monotone decreasing
2. What is the trend in the increase of the computational capacity of the fastest supercomputers in the second chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.
A. Increasing linearly
B. Increasing quadratically
C. Increasing cubically
D. Increasing exponentially.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

