Question 1: What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many distinct colors are used to represent different countries in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct colors in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'. Note that you should exclude "Not defined by inhabitants".
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart and the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a year, among all the horizontal tick values, when the number of people living in Rural areas is around 3 billion in the second chart.
Then in this year, which position does the share of people living in urban areas in North America rank in the third chart?
Note that the answer should be an ordinal numeral.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

