Question 1: What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. How many labeled countries are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
2. What is the title of the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
3. What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same countries are there across all axes in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the second and the first charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: First extract the highest gender wage gap from the year of 2018, 2020 and 2022.
Then what is the general trend of the gender wage gap with the passage of time?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. First increasing then decreasing
B. Decreasing
C. Increasing 
D. First decreasing then increasing
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

