Question 1: What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What does the color light blue indicate in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: How many charts satisfy the condition that the gap between the largest and the smallest Mathematics performance (PISA) is smaller than the difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis.
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

