Question 1: What does the color dark blue indicate in the 'Effect on the environment' bar of the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What are the names of the labels in the legend of the third chart? (from top to bottom, then left to right) 
Note that You should write down the labels from top to bottom, then from left to right and separate the labels with commas. Your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If the plot does not have a legend or no legend is not considered relevant to this plot, answer 'Not Applicable'. 
2. What is the difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the horizontal axis, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis on the right. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the first chart and the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the first chart and the third chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify which energy source, Solar panel farms or Wind turbine fames, has a larger number of aspects where the percentage of U.S. adults who say it is about the same is higher than that of the other energy source in (Solar panel farms or Wind turbine fames) in the second chart.
Then what is the percentage gap between U.S. adults who favor more about this energy source from Dem/lean Dem and Rep/lean Rep parties in 2020 in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

