Question 1: What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. How many labeled ticks are there on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the vertical axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
2. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same labels on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple identical labels from different subplots, count them as only one distinct label. If these two charts do not have any same labels on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: How many charts satisfy the condition that the gap between the largest and the smallest Multifactor productivity is smaller than the difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

