Question 1: 
1. What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What does the color green indicate in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
3. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the horizontal axis, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 2: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 3:
1. What is the approximate convergence value of the Square and Cubic Rewards curve in the second chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart.
2. What is the approximate convergence value of the Cubic Rewards curve in the first chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart.
3. What is the approximate convergence value of the Square Rewards curve in the first chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart.
Now that you have got the answer for the above three questions, the final answer is the answer to the first question minus the answer to the second question minus the answer to the third question.
Note that you can have some intermediate calculation steps, and finally give the final answer in the format of 'Answer: [your final answer]'.

Question 4: From the third chart, what is the approximate cumulative regret value for Benchmark: Cubic Reward when the cumulative regret for Square Rewards in the first chart reaches 20?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

