Question 1: How many distinct bars are there in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. Note that If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the value of the lightest blue bar in the lower-middle-income countries in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed. 
2. What is the most prevalent mental disorder based on the number of countries with underlying data in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: Which two keywords are most relevant to the first and the second chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Anxiety and Depression
B. High-income and Low-income
C. Treatment and Symptoms
D. Therapy and Medication
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which depressive symptom has the highest proportion of Nearly every day in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. Which type of mental illness has the third highest number of countries reporting its prevalence in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_questions

