Question 1: What does the horizontal axis of the first chart represent?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The number of caesarean sections per 100,000 women
B. The countries ranked by the number of caesarean sections per 100,000 women in 2021
C. The year of data collection
D. The percentage of total surgeries
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many colours are used for the bars in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the second and the third charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: What is the general trend of Ireland's Caesarean sections with the passage of time? 
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. First increasing then decreasing
B. Increasing
C. Decreasing
D. First decreasing then increasing
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

