Question 1: What is the value of the "Strongly disapprove" bar for women in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What does the dark yellow line represent in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default. 
2. What does the vertical axis in the first chart represent?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Age groups
B. Gender and political affiliation
C. Regions of the United States
D. Levels of education
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: What is the keyword that occurs in both charts?
Note that This is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.  You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Abortion
B. Disapprove
C. Constitution
D. Court
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which category has the largest percentage of people who somewhat disapprove of the Supreme Court's decision among all the Democrat groups in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. What is the general trend of the difference between the percentage of people who say abortion should be legal and that of people who say illegal in the second chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should only be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Monotone increasing
B. Firstly decreasing then increasing
C. Monotone decreasing
D. Firstly increasing then decreasing
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

