Question 1: What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the general trend of data from left to right in the first chart? 
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.  You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Increasing 
B. Increasing then decreasing 
C. Decreasing then increasing 
D. Decreasing Answer: 
2. How many labeled ticks are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: What are the two keywords most relevant to these two charts?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Education and Health
B. Population and Economics
C. Access and Income
D. Basic service and Consumption
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which country has the largest product of median income or consumption per day and GDP per capita in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. Which type of basic services, among all the labels in the legend, has the largest share of the population in 1998 in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

