Question 1: What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have exp
licit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
3. How many distinct bars are there in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. Note that If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there across all axes in the third chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots in the third chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the third and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. From what Time axis tick value, which is explicitly written on the horizontal axis, does the E line converge in the third chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest horizontal tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. What is the nearest Time axis tick value when E line gets the maximum value, given that this maximum value is greater than 70 in the second chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest horizontal tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that you have got the answer for the above two questions, the final answer is the answer to the first question minus the answer to the second question.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

