Question 1: What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many colours are used for the bars in the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
2. What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that this is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Annual production of polymer resin and fibers
B. Global population
C. Types of industrial sectors
D. Annual global plastic waste generation
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: What are the two keywords most relevant to the topics presented in the second and third charts?
Note that this is a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Production, Ocean
B. Recycling, Emissions
C. Transportation, Europe
D. Waste, Sector
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which type of plastic waste ranks the sixth among all the types of annual global plastic waste generation in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. In which year among all the years listed in the horizontal ticks is Global plastics production around 200 million t in the first chart?
Note that your final answer should be a year among all the years listed in the horizontal ticks.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

