Question 1: What does the color green indicate in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'. 
2. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labeled countries are there in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract a country whose largest military personnel as a share of total population ranks the third from 1900 to 1950 among all the countries in the first chart. 
Then for this country in the second chart, which position does its military spending as a share of GDP rank in 1990?
Note that your answer should be an ordinal numeral.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

