Question 1: What is the total number of explicitly written labels across all axes in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of explicitly written labels across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have any explicitly written labels across all axes, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What are the names of the labels in the legend of the first chart? (from top to bottom, then left to right)
Note that You should write down the labels from top to bottom, then from left to right and separate the labels with commas. Your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If the plot does not have a legend or no legend is not considered relevant to this plot, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many colours are used for the bars in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
3. How many colours are used for the dots in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the dots in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot does not contain any dots, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. What is the smallest percentage of U.S. Muslims born in a specific region among all the regions listed in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
2. What is the largest List sample percentage of Asian American adults among all the age groups in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

