Question 1: Which country has the lowest percentage of foreign direct investment in services in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and / or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. How many labeled ticks are there on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the vertical axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
2. How many countries are there on the horizontal axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the third charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. How many bars have the proportion of foreign direct investment lower than 50 in 2022 in the first chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
2. How many bars have the proportion of foreign direct investment lower than 50 in 2020 in the third chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Note that you have got the answer for the above two questions, the final answer is the answer to the second question plus the answer to the first question.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

