Question 1: What does the color yellow indicate in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is the percentage of U.S. adults who say tech companies should restrict false information online in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. What does the vertical axis represent in the first chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The total number of U.S. adults surveyed
B. The total number of false information incidents reported
C. The number of U.S. government and tech companies involved
D. The percentage of U.S. adults who support or oppose the restriction of false information online
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there across all the axes of the second chart and the first chart? 
Note that your final answer should be the number of distinct labels that are the same across all axes of multiple subplots in both the first and second charts. If a chart has multiple identical labels across different subplots on all axes, count them as only one distinct label. If two labels are semantically identical but phrased differently, consider them identical. If there are no labels that are the same across all axes in both charts, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. In which year, 2018, 2021, or 2023, is the percentage gap between the U.S. government and tech companies among U.S. adults who say steps should be taken to restrict false information online the smallest in the first chart?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (2018, 2021, 2023).
2. What is the percentage gap between the U.S. government and tech companies among U.S. adults who say steps should be taken to restrict extremely violent content online, even if it limits freedom of information in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

