Question 1: What is the general trend of data from left to right in the first chart?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Increasing
B. Decreasing
C. Decreasing then increasing
D. Increasing then decreasing
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the total number of explicitly written labels across all axes in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of explicitly written labels across all axes, including the case when any axis is shared across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have any explicitly written labels across all axes, answer '0'.
2. What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same labels are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same labels on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple identical labels from different subplots, count them as only one distinct label. If the first and the second charts do not have any same labels on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Note that the light blue bar represents the average adult education level. In which chart the average education level is below 20%?
Note that your answer should be option(s) from (First, Second, Third) which specifies the chart meeting the constraint. The ordinal numeral(s) you selected should be listed from small to large.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

