Question 1: How many labeled ticks are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. How many labeled ticks are there on the vertical axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the vertical axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same countries are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same countries on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple countries from different subplots with the same name, count them as only one distinct country. If these two charts do not have identical countries on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Define the term 'being distributed near' as the condition where the gap between the bar value and the specified vertical axis tick value is less than half of the difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis.
Firstly, determine whether the data of life expectancy at birth data across all the countries in all the three charts is distributed near the same vertical axis tick value.
If the answer is Ture, answer in the format of 'Answer: True, the_same_vertical_value'. Otherwise, answer in the format of 'Answer: False'

