Question 1: What does the horizontal axis of the first chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Percentage of GDP
B. Forecast values
C. Time period
D. Countries and regions
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the rightmost labeled country on the horizontal axis in the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'. 
3. What is the title of the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the three questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question; The_answer_for_the_third_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the third charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Note that the light blue bar represents the average current account balance. In which chart the average current account balance is below 0%?
Note that your answer should be option(s) from (First, Second, Third) which specifies the chart meeting the constraint. The ordinal numeral(s) you selected should be listed from small to large.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

