Question 1: What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What does the horizontal axis of the second chart represent? 
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom.  You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Years
B. Percentage of literacy
C. Literacy rates over time
D. Number of literate people
2. What does the vertical axis in the third chart represent? 
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. 
A. Percentage of illiterate adults
B. Number of literate people
C. Number of illiterate people
D. Percentage of literate adults
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: First, identify the year among all the horizontal ticks when the share of dying in the first five years roughly decreased by half in the second chart. 
Then, determine whether the Literate population in this year is higher than, equal to, or lower than the average of the highest and lowest Literate populations across all years in the third chart.
Note that the answer should be only one option from (Higher than, Equal to, Lower than)
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

