Question 1: What is the title of the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many labeled ticks are there on the vertical axis in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the vertical axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
2. What percentage of Catholic Republicans/lean Rep. believe abortion should be illegal if the life/health of the woman is threatened by pregnancy in the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the second chart and the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly identify the population category which has the largest percentage of people who say abortion should be depends at 14 weeks (roughly end of first trimester) in the second chart.
Then what is the percentage of people, in this population category, who think abortion should be legal if life/health of woman is threatened by pregnancy in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

