Question 1: What is the title of the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. How many explicitly written labeles are there on the vertical axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of explicitly written labeles on the vertical axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicitly written labeles on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
2. How many labels are there in the legend of the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labels in the legend across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit written ticks in the legend, answer '0'. 
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same age groups are there in both the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same age groups between the first chart and the second chart across multiple subplots. If the first and the second charts don't have any identical age groups, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: First, identify the age group where the number of dating apps (including the "Other" category as a dating app), each with the highest percentage of U.S. online dating users among all age groups, is two in the first chart.
Then for this age group, what is its percentage of U.S. adults who are currently using a dating site or app in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

