Question 1: What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. The number of people diagnosed with mental illnesses.
B. The percentage of males with mental illnesses.
C. The number of mental health facilities worldwide.
D. The estimated share of people with each mental illness.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the spatially highest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the third chart? 
Note that your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many identical labels are there in the legends of the first chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of identical labels in the legends of the first chart and the third chart across multiple subplots. And your final answer should account for only labels relevant to the plot in the legend, even if the legend is located outside the plot. If any of the plots do not have a legend, or if the legend is not considered relevant to the plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which gender, (Male or Female), has a larger share of Schizophrenia prevalence in most South America countries in the third chart?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (Male, Female).
2. Which position are dots of Africa mostly distributed in the plot of Depressive disorders prevalence, males vs. females, 2021 in the first chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. In the upper left part.
B. In the lower left part.
C. In the upper right part.
D. In the lower right part.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

