Question 1: What is the spatially lowest labeled tick on the vertical axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the vertical axis that is explicitly written, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the left and right of the plot, answer based on the axis at the left. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot.If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the vertical axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 1. What is the specified colour for 'Inaccessible AGNs' in the first chart?
Note that your answer should be only one option from (Black, Grey, Dark blue, Light Blue, Red, Orange, Yellow)
2. What is the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of the tick labels on the horizontal axis, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit horizontal axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the second chart and the third chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the third chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly, extract an Energy (keV) axis tick value t1 that has the highest Photons / (cm^2 s keV) for the curve of z=6 AGN reflection in the second chart.
Then when Energy (keV) = t1, what is Photons cm^-2 s^-1 keV^-1 value in the third chart?
Note that your final answer must be approximated to the nearest vertical tick value in the chart. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

