Question 1: What is the rightmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when the horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is difference between consecutive numerical tick values on the vertical axis in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the difference between consecutive numerical tick values of the vertical axis, including the case when vertical axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the vertical axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the plot does not have an explicit vertical axis tick value, or if the tick values are not numerical, or if the difference is not constant between all consecutive tick values, answer 'Not Applicable'.
2. What is the title of the third chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the most relevant title of the plot that is explicitly written. If the plot does not have an explicit title or contains only a letter, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same countries are there on the horizontal axis in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same countries on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple countries from different subplots with the same name, count them as only one distinct country. If these two charts do not have identical countries on the horizontal axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. How many blue bars have the short-term interest rates lower than 0 in 2020-11 in the second chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
2. How many blue bars have the short-term interest rates lower than 0 in 2017-06 in the third chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Note that you have got the answer for the above two questions, the final answer is the answer to the second question minus the answer to the first question.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

