Question 1: What does the vertical axis in the second chart represent?
Note that This a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question.If the chart has multiple subplots, answer based on the subplot on the left and at the bottom. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. Exposure to PM2.5 (particulate matter) in micrograms per cubic meter, 2014
B. Average temperature in degrees Celsius, 2014
C. Exposure to nitrogen dioxide (NO2) in micrograms per cubic meter, 2014
D. Carbon dioxide emissions in metric tons, 2014
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. What is the country name with the lowest exposure to PM2.5 in the first chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. How many colours are used for the bars in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of colours used for the bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the second chart and the first chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the second chart and the first chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If the first and the second charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. How many countries have the air pollution exposure value of 10 in 2019 in the first chart?
Note that your number should be a natural number.
2. How many countries have the air pollution exposure value of 10 in 2014 in the second chart?
Note that your number should be a natural number.
Note that you have got the answer for the above two questions, the final answer is the answer to the second question minus the answer to the first question.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

