Question 1: What is the leftmost labeled tick on the horizontal axis in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the tick value on the horizontal axis that is explicitly written, including the case when horizontal axis is shared across multiple subplots. When the horizontal axis is present on both the top and bottom of the plot, answer based on the axis at the bottom. Ignore units or scales that are written separately from the tick, such as units and scales from the axis label or the corner of the plot. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer 'Not Applicable'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2: 
1. How many labeled ticks are there on the horizontal axis in the first chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of labeled ticks on the horizontal axis across multiple subplots. If the chart does not have explicit labeled ticks on the horizontal axis, answer '0'. 
2. Which country has the lowest mean income or consumption per day (2011 prices) in 2010 in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same tick values are there on the vertical axis in the first chart and the second chart?
Note that Your final answer should be the number of the same tick values on the vertical axis across multiple subplots in the first chart and the second chart. If a chart has multiple ticks from different subplots with the same value, count them as only one distinct tick value. If these two charts do not have ticks with the same label on the vertical axis, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: 1. Which position are dots of Europe mostly distributed in the plot of Mean income or consumption per day: 2011 vs. 2017 international-$ in the first chart?
Note that this a choice question. Your final answer should be the option that most closely matches the question. You should only output the option, such as A, B, C, or D, as the answer without the content in the option.
A. In the upper left part.
B. In the lower left part.
C. In the upper right part.
D. In the lower right part.
2. In how many countries is the mean income or consumption per day (2011 prices) lower than $5 before 2005 in the second chart?
Note that your answer should be a natural number.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

