Question 1: How many distinct lines are there in the second chart? 
Note that Your final answer should be the total number of distinct lines in the chart across multiple subplots. Ignore grid lines, tick marks, and any vertical or horizontal auxiliary lines. If the plot does not contain any lines or is not considered a line plot, answer '0'.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 2:
1. What is label of the blue line in the first chart?
Note that your final answer must be grounded to some text that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart. If you need to answer multiple terms, separate them with commas. Unless specified in the question (such as answering with a letter), you are required to answer the full names of subplots and/or labels by default.
2. How many distinct bars are there in the third chart?
Note that your final answer should be the total number of distinct bars in the chart across multiple subplots. If a bar has multiple segments, count it as one bar. If the plot is not considered a bar plot, answer '0'.
Now that you have got the answers for the two questions. Your answer format should be as follows:
Answer: The_answer_for_the_first_question; The_answer_for_the_second_question

Question 3: How many of the same opinions of Pope Francis are there in the second chart and the third chart? 
Note that your answer should be the same opinions of Pope Francis. If two opinions are semantically identical but phrased differently, consider them identical.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

Question 4: Firstly extract the time when the percentage of Republican/lean Rep. having a favorable option of Pope Francis reaches the maximum among all the horizontal tick values in the first chart.
Then what is the percentage of U.S. adults who say their opinion of Pope Francis is unfavorable in the second chart?
Note that Your final answer must be grounded to a number that is explicitly written and relevant to the question in the chart, even if it is an approximate value. You should omit the unit after any number. You are allowed to extract numbers within some text when needed.
Note that your answer format should be as follows: Answer: The_answer_you_get

